Address comments for `inflation_history` lecture (#407)
QuantEcon/lecture-python-intro: lectures/inflation_history.md

    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
    format_version: 0.13
    jupytext_version: 1.16.1
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3 (ipykernel)
  language: python
  name: python3
---

+++ {"user_expressions": []}

# Price Level Histories 

This lecture offers some historical evidence about fluctuations in levels of aggregate price indexes.  

> Let's start by installing the necessary Python packages, which will be needed to extract information and perform operations on Excel files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start by installing the necessary Python packages.

The `xlrd` package is used by `pandas` to perform operations on Excel files. 
```

    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
    format_version: 0.13
    jupytext_version: 1.16.1
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3 (ipykernel)
  language: python
  name: python3
---

> +++ {"user_expressions": []}

Reviewer: @Jiarui-ZH please delete this markup from jupytext?

Author: I have resolved this!

            y=df_fig5[col].iloc[-1], s=col)

ax.set_yscale('log')

> ax.set_ylabel('Logged Price Levels (Index  1913 = 100)')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ax.set_ylabel('Logs of price levels (Index  1913 = 100)')
```

ax.set_ylim([10, 1e6])

> ax.set_xlabel('Year')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ax.set_xlabel('year')
```

[axis labels should be lower case (“time” not “Time”, etc.)](https://manual.quantecon.org/styleguide/figures.html)

    sheet_list = [process_df(df) for df in sheet_list]
    df_list.append(pd.concat(sheet_list, axis=1))

> df_aus, df_hung, df_pol, df_germ = df_list

Reviewer: @Jiarui-ZH I tend to use `iso3c` codes when using shorter versions for countries in code. So I would use `df_aus, df_hun, df_pol, df_deu`

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-3
